Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
SUBS BY WiLLiAM BENDER
Contact : Williambndr2024@gmail.com
Get back in line.
All right come on now. we're gonna take it from the top.
You get it right this time.
One. two. three. four.
Stop!
Breathe together.
You gotta feel it.
You hear it?
Take it from the top.
One. two. three. four.
Ooh.
Bye.
I need you to look at me.
I don't enjoy
fairytales and wishful dreams.
I've broken doors because I'm a big boy now.
I was looking for someone to love. oh yeah.
Alright. I think that's good. alright.
Alright. alright. alright.
I think that's alright.
It's gonna feel better when you get it right.
Oh. how happy you have made me.
I have kissed your lips.
Eat your food. please.
Stop.
Hey. Mikey. why are you playing with your food?
You need to stop playing with your food.
Come on. you never eat.
Shut up. little hair.
You shut up.
I have a sad memory to you.
Look. I made a face.
I've seen it.
That's a real one.
Alright. now listen up. boys.
I know you will never let me down.
And I. I think you're ready.
So I've booked us a few gigs.
We start in Illinois tomorrow. Tuesday or Friday.
Wait. what's your show. sir?
We don't need to work on that hard.
Work?
They don't know the first thing about work.
I understand that. but they have school.
Let me tell you something.
In this life. you're either a winner or you're a loser.
You hear me?
Y'all are some poor black kids from Gary. Indiana.
Shit. ain't nothing gonna be handed to you.
But you gotta fight for it.
Y'all wanna work in a steel mill like me for the rest of your days?
Yes. sir.
Yeah. because I sure as hell don't.
Unless you work harder. harder than anyone else. this is your life.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
I need to hear you a little louder.
Y'all willing to fight for it?
Yes. sir.
Now. I want you to reach up like you're about to touch that wall. but not quite.
Like this. alright?
Reach up.
Come on.
But don't touch it.
Alright?
Good.
That's it.
Keep your arms up.
Now. I want you to look at that wall. alright?
Close your eyes.
We're gonna reach out together.
As one.
As a family.
No more Jackie. Tito. Jermaine. Marvin. and Marco.
From now on. you're the Jackson Five.
will you?
Are you looking at me like I ain't talking to you?
Boy. you come over here when I call.
What. my opinion don't matter around here. boy?
Joseph. stop it!
You gonna mind me. boy?
We rehearse. can't get it right.
In this life. you're either a winner or a loser.
That's right.
You gonna cry. go on and cry.
Go on. big nose.
Sit up.
Michael's mother.
Thank you.
Five. six.
five. six. seven. eight.
Mike. you guys are here.
Mike. we're right here.
It's the truth and the truth makes a man tough.
Try it. Mommy.
So. that's it with those arms up.
That's all it is. baby. right?
That's it.
One more time.
We're gonna get ready to take a little break.
So. I'm gonna introduce you all to some handsome young fellas.
Now. ladies. don't let them break your heart.
Ladies and gentlemen. let's give it up for the Jackson 5.
Hi. boy.
Come on. come on. come on.
Oh. I'm trying. trying to hide my feelings.
They always save the show.
If you try to stay. you'll lose me.
And I won't be there to show you.
You like my boys?
Are you their manager?
Joseph Jackson.
Susanna Mills from Motown.
Motown.
Hey!
It's God-given talent right there.
Perfect pitch.
Perfect pitch?
What do you mean?
The things he can do with that voice.
I'll be in touch. Mr. Jackson.
Hi.
How do you do?
I'm Mr. Borders.
I'm Susanna.
Boys. good to see you again.
Have y'all been learning the song we gave you?
I've since been hanging in there.
Let's start with Michael.
Michael. you're moving too much.
All right?
Here we go.
Michael. you're doing it again.
Take a step closer to the microphone.
That's it.
And I'm gonna need you to keep your feet still.
You understand me?
Give me the same lead.
Go!
Let me talk to him.
No. he's just getting...
I just need five minutes.
See. Joseph. wouldn't you worry about keeping the boys on schedule. huh?
We've got this under control.
Here we go.
What did I tell you?
And God sent. sent you in a way Don't you know
I sit around With my head hanging down And I wonder
Who's loving you Let me
tell you something. son.
I've been doing this a long time.
I've never heard a voice quite like yours.
You sang that song better than Smokey himself.
Really?
It's special.
You have something to say.
That's rare. Michael.
Yeah. this is the fader.
Come on. try it.
This fader goes up and down and it sets the levels to the bottom.
It can make your voice sound louder or softer.
Right?
Yeah.
And these knobs up here. that's for your EQ.
What's EQ?
Equalization.
You see. when we record. we split things up and...
Trasky's right now.
Time to go. Michael.
Mr. Gordy's very busy. man.
I'm sure you've taken up enough of his time.
Go ahead on. Michael.
I can show you this stuff some other time.
Right?
Okay. Mr. Gordy.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey. Michael.
You can ask me anything.
Anytime.
Alright. so.
How old are you?
Ten.
You're not ten.
You're eight.
In this business. you can make up just about anything.
Especially your age.
Sing a song. baby.
A. B. C. 1. 2. 3.
Baby. you are a leader.
Michael?
How old are you?
Sing a song. baby.
A. B. C. 1. 2. 3.
In this business. you can make up just about anything.
Especially your age.
Sit down. girl!
I think I lost you!
No!
Yeah. girl!
Show me what you can do!
Shake it. shake it. baby.
Come on now.
Ooh. baby.
Sing it. baby.
Night. night. little baby.
I've been reading about the Serengeti.
Learning about all different types.
Lions. tigers. monkeys. giraffes.
One day. you and I will have more friends to play with.
Wouldn't that be fun?
Look at this picture.
You like it?
Come on. Michael.
Joseph wants you.
And make sure you put your rat in the cage this time.
It's disgusting.
Come on now.
Meet Bill Bray.
He's your new head of security. alright?
He's going to be around a lot.
Make sure you mind him.
Nice to meet you. Mr. Bray.
It's very nice to meet you too. young man.
You can call me Bill. okay?
Okay. Bill.
Alright.
Carla. what's your name?
Michael. you're missing the best part.
The Serengeti In llamas have three stomachs so they can digest their food because all they eat is vegetables.
And they're really smart. very intelligent creatures.
And best of all. they never ever bite.
That's what you said about the rats.
No. really.
Llamas never bite.
They only spit when they're agitated.
So you want me to bring some spit and agitated animal into my house?
They live outside.
Come on. please. please say yes.
I'll look after them.
Absolutely not. Michael.
Mother has enough things to worry about.
And you don't need another pet.
They're not my pets.
They're my friends.
Well.
I do understand that.
But don't you want to meet real friends like kids your own age?
I would like that for you.
I do sometimes. but I'm not like the other kids.
They don't treat me like a real person.
And all they want to do is stare and take pictures of me.
You look at me. Michael.
I knew you were different the moment you were born.
I knew you were different from your brothers.
And that's okay.
You have a very special light.
And you know what Jehovah says?
He says. let your light shine unto the world.
You let your light shine.
Do you understand me?
Yeah.
Don't you ever let anyone take that away from you.
Not even yourself.
The next song we're going to do is one of our favorites.
You guys ready?
I'm
ready.
Shedding the past.
Embracing freedom.
That's your album right there. brother.
That's what people want.
Pure escapism. Quincy.
That's it?
Yeah.
So. how are you going to tell your father about a solo album?
Breaking away from the family.
He's not going to like that.
I'm not a kid anymore. Q.
I'm looking him straight in the eye.
Tell him to his face.
I need you to tell my father that the solo album is your idea.
Okay.
Okay?
I'm going to have a drink.
Michael. we love you doing a solo album.
Honestly. that's why we signed you all to Epic.
No disrespect to your family. but this is what we were hoping for.
Great.
I just. I think it would be better coming from you guys.
Anything we can do to help. Michael.
So. tell us about the album.
Okay.
Well. this album. it's really important to me.
I just. I need the freedom to write the music and lyrics that pop into my head.
You know. to express myself creatively.
I want a whole new sound. a whole new me.
Quincy Jones producing.
Robert Temerton. he's working on songs right now.
It sounds terrific. Michael.
Consider it done.
Huh?
So. we feel like Michael doing a solo album would be really great for the label.
And. more importantly. for the Jackson brand.
They could help each other.
With PR and merchandising.
Feed each other. you know?
Feed.
Sure.
So. I guess you're okay with all this?
Of course. yeah.
That was good for Michael.
It's great for me.
And. if there's anything you need. don't hesitate.
Only thing is. Michael can do whatever he wants in his spare time.
So long as he continues to work with his brothers.
I'm sorry?
I own his ass from nine to five.
After that. it's up to him.
If he wants to cut an album at midnight. so fine with me.
As long as he's at that microphone at nine. I'm sure.
That's what works around here.
My house.
Understood.
I appreciate you gentlemen stopping by.
Shows respect.
My pleasure. Joe.
I'm so excited to start recording with you tonight.
I wish you could come. I'm a little nervous. but more excited. definitely more excited.
I just have all these ideas in my head. just constantly floating.
Just gotta get them out.
Well. you get some sleep. Louie.
I'll be back in the morning. I'll tell you all about it.
You ready. Joker?
Yeah.
Let's hit it.
You want me to drive?
Not this time. Joker.
Sure about that.
Next time.
I'd rather let Louie drive.
Take your time.
Settle in.
No rush.
And. uh. keep these feet still.
Q. can you do me a favor and lower the lights for me. please?
Just a little bit.
Thanks.
You are confident.
You're strong.
You're beautiful.
You're the greatest of all time.
Michael. you ready?
I'm melting. like hot candle wax.
Sensation. lovely where we are today.
Oh!
So let it take us through the hours.
I won't be clinging to the past.
♪ I won't be afraid of the forces that come.
Keep on with the force. don't stop till you get it.
Keep on with the force. don't stop. don't stop till you get it.
Keep on with the force. don't stop. don't stop till you get
it.
Keep on with the force. don't stop. don't stop till you get it.
Keep on with the
force. don't
stop. don't stop
till you
get it.
It's okay.
No.
I want you to meet my new friend. Bubbles.
I rescued him from this awful place. where they do testing on animals.
Welcome to the family.
Michael. you do know that chimps are wild animals that don't belong in a house in Encino.
Mother. I'll take good care of them.
I will. I promise.
Does he bite?
Oh. no.
No. he's sweet.
But chimps are sensitive. though. to certain sounds and people.
They'll either hide or they'll attack.
It's OK. Balls.
It's OK.
You're safe now.
Come on. make some music. huh?
That's me.
I just released my new album.
Those are my demos.
Don't mess that up.
Here. I want to show you this.
Look.
See?
This is Neverland.
I come here all the time.
It's full of magic. adventure. pirates. you know. lost
minds.
This is my favorite page.
It's Peter Pan.
The Shadow.
So. Michael. surgeries.
Have you had any surgeries in the past five years?
Mm-mm.
What about medications?
Are you taking any?
No. ma'am.
Just Bentley Clean Cream for my veniliga.
Oh. I'm sorry.
It's much more common than people think.
Has it sprayed?
A little bit. yeah.
Yeah. you know. the cream.
It helps even out my skin. too.
Oh. I see.
Michael. good to see you again.
We're almost ready for you.
Any last questions?
Oh. no.
I'm ready.
I need to make a few marks around the nose.
You know. you're a pretty good-looking kid.
You sure you want to do this?
I'm not a kid anymore.
My nose is too big.
Not sure that's true.
You see. my face isn't symmetrical.
For the photographs. no.
I have to be perfect.
You're the boss.
Just relax.
Hey.
What's going on. son?
Son?
Michael.
Boy.
Come here.
What?
What in the world?
Let me see something.
Hey. Michael.
It's for my sinuses.
♪♪ ♪ I
guess I'll always be a dreamer ♪ ♪ Dreaming my life away.
dreaming my life away ♪ ♪ Hoping it comes easy to the
dreamer ♪ ♪ Wake up. the dream has gone away
♪ Maybe I should get a nose job.
You think so?
Yes. I do.
Muzzle says everybody does it.
All the big stars.
All our favorite ones.
It looks great.
You really think so?
I do.
See. I want a new look.
Yeah?
I want to reinvent myself.
You know?
Now that I'm doing my own thing.
I want the world to see me differently.
I'm a boy in a kid band anymore.
Hey. look around. Michael.
Your friends love you.
They're not my fans.
They're part of my family.
It's just time for me to start taking control of my own destiny.
You know. I want to be who I want to be.
Mikey. Joseph just called to meet him.
Careful. he's hungry.
How hungry?
He's pretty hungry.
For. like. a mouse?
Maybe.
There he is.
Man of the hour.
Come on. sit down. sit down.
Now. y'all real happy about Michael's success.
That's lovely to see.
This hot woman.
I mean. he can go all the way.
Right to the top.
All by himself.
Remember something?
Oh. man.
Let me tell you.
The Jackson family is the brand.
That's our Coca-Cola.
Yeah. so we need to open up the store and start selling.
Oh. you know what's going to happen?
Folks are going to go out there and start buying some Pepsi.
We got to get in there again and bend the ways.
So. I've decided.
I'm arranging a tour in a live album.
Well. how are we going to tour without Jermaine?
Your brother made his choice when we left Motown and he stayed.
Let him live with it.
The point is. we need to capitalize on Michael's album.
So. we're going to do a bunch of songs.
Joseph. I...
I need to think.
No. sir.
I told you what to think.
You got a problem with that. Michael?
We need to have a reasonable conversation about this. Joseph.
You think now because you're a big superstar and you got this big hit album that you're better than everybody in this house?
Is that it?
You're better than your brothers?
You're more than me?
Is that it?
You need to think.
You think you're better than me. boy?
Joseph. that is enough!
Is that it. Michael?
Huh?
That is enough!
Yeah. that's enough.
Let's go.
Where do you want to go?
Just drive.
Me!
I'm so sick of it. baby.
All of it.
Joseph's exploiting me.
I've had a whole plan.
The track list. the visuals.
I wanted to do a solo tour.
I'm just...
I'm just ruining it all.
I need my freedom.
Well. you can move out.
I'm not ready for that.
It's not that easy.
Life's not easy. son.
I'll tell you.
I love my family.
I do.
I just want to do my own thing.
Joseph's never gonna change.
The only thing he cares about is the Jackson family.
Huh?
And no matter what you do. he's only ever gonna see it as a family success.
Get your own team.
Get you a good lawyer.
Think about it.
Anywhere If you ever Look behind you
You'll find You'll see You've got a place To go Yeah
So. we appreciate you coming in and we applaud your decision to seek independent counsel.
We can assure you the most comprehensive attention to your entire media portfolio.
At Harvey Durevich. we believe in treating our clients as family and we want you to...
How do you have a family?
Too much of one.
I mean. the whole point's going solo. right?
So. that means you're probably gonna break a few hearts over there in Encino.
Unless I'm missing something.
Do I know you?
No.
Don't think so.
You sure?
Yeah.
I think I'd remember.
Who are you?
John Brinker.
You have Beach Boys.
Yeah. I do.
Neil Diamond. Bob Dylan. a couple other guys. and now I work here.
I like the Beach Boys.
Me too.
Brian Wilson's a genius.
One of the best harmonies in rock and roll.
You know what I'm after?
Mr. Brinker.
Sure.
You want to be the biggest star in the world?
Can you help make that happen?
Yes.
How?
Because I believe there's no one like you.
And there never will be.
Mr. Jackson.
Mr. Jackson. I apologize.
He's my guy.
Can you leave us alone for a second?
Please.
Of course.
Yes.
Okay. Mr. Brinker.
Here's your first job.
I need you to fire Joseph.
You're dead.
You're my father to death.
How would you like me to do that?
Quickly.
Yes.
Yeah.
Victoria. get the hell out of here.
Okay?
Look at this.
The boy fired me with a piece of paper.
A piece of it could have been man to man. huh?
Look me in the eye and do it.
That boy's going to feel my belt when he gets here.
No. he's not.
Yes. the hell he is.
What are you going to do. beat him?
You going to whoop him?
He's grown.
What you say to me?
I said you can't do it no more.
You can't whoop nobody.
You can't beat nobody.
And if you don't like it. you can leave.
And the next time you see your son. you ought to thank him.
Everything we have is because of him.
And don't you ever forget that.
Everybody seems to forget that I'm the one that got us out of Gary.
And everything I've done is for this family.
You go on ahead and keep thinking that.
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ It's Michael Jackson.
What?
It's Michael Jackson.
Please excuse him.
Are you actually really...
I'm Michael.
Wow.
I wonder...
I'd love an autograph.
For my son.
I mean...
Of course.
Yeah.
He's a huge fan.
Here.
I want to sign this.
What's your name?
You can just make it out to Pauline.
Pauline.
Is that the new Atari game?
I love that.
You play that?
Oh yeah.
All the time.
Just be sure to keep talking to the left when you fire.
That's how you power up.
Cool.
Thank you.
Of course.
Hi.
Would you like an autograph?
Yes. please.
What's your name?
Annika.
Pretty name.
What do you say. baby?
Thank you.
I'm a huge fan.
Thank you so much.
Get up there.
Let's take this one.
You want to make it there?
Here.
I got it.
Hey.
What's up. Mikey?
What's up. Bill?
You guys are no fun anymore.
That's cheating.
It's okay.
Don't worry about it.
It takes a long time to learn.
I'm a professional dancer.
Want some ice cream?
Okay. but then I've got to go to work.
Don't break anything.
I'll be back.
I was thinking about framing this.
Beat it.
Come on. beat it.
Fire your own father.
What kind of son does that?
You've got a lot to learn about family.
I've got to go grab my ice cream.
You watch TV?
Yeah.
Sometimes.
You watch TV?
Yeah.
Cartoons.
Three Stooges a lot.
Charlie Chaplin.
You know who he is?
Duh.
No. you don't.
He's such a doody head.
He's wonderful.
Really.
He's an actor.
He's a movie director.
Any right songs?
I have a dog.
It's a dachshund.
What's his name?
Rudy.
He's getting fat.
My mom said I feed him too much.
I love Rudy.
Do you have any pets?
A snake and a giraffe.
No way.
And a llama.
It's gotta be the greatest selling album of all time.
Not just by black artists. by any race. any color. okay?
Then I want the largest concert tour there ever was.
Just stadiums only.
Just thousands and thousands of people just rushing into the stadiums.
Just all over the world.
I also want to make short films featuring my music.
That's ambitious.
I can see it.
You see it. you can do it.
I see it so clearly.
Walter Yednikoff called.
CBS wants to do a press release.
No.
No press.
No interviews.
No nothing.
He's not gonna like that.
You gotta handle that. Brandon.
You see. I'm gonna be mysterious.
Like Garbo.
You know. I mean. if Haley's Comet came every year. just year after year. would you look at it?
You're gonna need publicity.
All I'm gonna need is a good record that settles.
Nothing else matters.
Fair enough.
Then I suggest you start laying out some killer demos.
Can you do that?
Of course I can.
Thank you.
What are you doing. Mike?
Chill.
I didn't prepare to give you salt.
If I'm not here to receive these ideas. God might give him a prince.
Hello.
Almost all of the gunfire and death over drugs and territory involves rival gangs.
Ryan Chavez reports from Los Angeles.
A best friend killed by a rival gang member.
Another killed at a drive-by shooting in Sacramento because he wore the wrong color.
Those who wear blue call themselves the Crips.
They blush. wear red.
Some. like Smokey. survive attacks. though paralyzed.
People die on the map.
All the neighborhoods.
Yet the city remains filled with boring soldiers.
This is the Crips. it is.
Some of y'all see y'all. watch out. you will die of guilt. won't you?
You say that now on TV. but you will die of guilt.
Hello?
Hey. Bill. it's me.
Hey. Joe.
What's up?
Well. I need some help.
I was hoping you could do some favors.
Okay. but they're all at the studio.
They're only there because of you.
I can't believe you're doing this.
Music will bring people together. Bill.
That's the point.
If things work out. I have a big idea.
Oh. oh.
Juicy right there.
What was that?
This is gonna pop it back.
Hey miss. let's call it a C-Walk. huh?
Hey. can I get an autograph?
Look. it's for my sister.
No. yeah. of course.
I'll sign autographs for everybody.
Sure.
Look. I know this isn't easy for you guys. so I just want to thank everybody for coming.
It's really important to me.
You see. I think music and dance is what we all have in common.
That's a universal language.
We can change the world.
I believe that.
Sounds good.
Let's work on that together.
Keep going.
Let's work on that part.
Right now. let's just forget about the arms.
It shouldn't be too forced.
It's natural.
It's a flow.
All together.
Ooh!
See?
It's in unison.
Think of a school of fish.
We all move together.
You know what I mean?
I want to try something.
I just got an idea.
Bill. can you bring my jacket. please?
I want to try something when we travel down this way.
The jacket.
Thank you.
Let's do it again.
I'm going to break out and do something. but continue with that flow.
What do you guys think?
Feels good?
I want to try music now.
In fact. I want to put you all in my short film.
Let's crank it up. please.
I want to feel it.
You know. CBS wants you to call the Apple Michael Jackson.
Do the session.
Louder!
Go straight and pause.
And let that ooze into the rest of the chorus. okay?
Okay.
I'll try.
you're on the cover of the bell now you're singing on every song a little more don't get a killer now
that's rock and roll that's it right there not
you my Mary Antoinette but I will give you eternal life
I
that was great you guys are perfect just keep warm stretch out for a second hey is the camera supposed to move in there?
uh I could ask John is there a particular thing you're looking for?
yeah I'm just worried we're not getting the feet you know Fred Astaire would always say you gotta get the whole body and that's how the audience feels the dance um
can you ask John just to try just for one take yeah you got it thank you okay
Michael we're gonna pull back we're gonna hold you head to toe okay sir all right okay everybody back to position please all
right all around please look up all right now ready camera set get a break okay
playback and action killer
night and no one's gonna save you from the beast of a threat you know it killer.
killer. killer I can
see them killer. killer. killer killer. killer. killer you got me killer killer
night girl I can feel you more than I can go through them yeah come on killer oh what
can I say guys except congratulations album's amazing everyone's buying Pop charts. R&B charts. if
this kid did a duet with Reba. we'd own the goddamn country charts.
Thanks. Walter.
Thanks so much.
Michael. everyone at the CBS family is so proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
Now. what can I do for you. my son?
Your wish is my command.
Well. I'm really happy with the sales for Thriller.
But...
Very good.
We're happy with the sales. but there's still something we need to do promotion-wise.
We need to get his videos on MTV.
MTV?
Aye. aye. aye.
Not possible.
The videos are masterpieces.
You haven't even seen Thriller yet. and it's gonna blow your mind.
And they will promote the record like nothing else.
And if we get into heavy rotation on MTV. the sky's the limit.
You know that.
MTV almost never plays black artists.
I don't know why.
Maybe they don't want to scare the shit out of the white kids in the suburbs.
Walter. I make this record for everybody.
White and black.
We feel like Michael's videos deserve to be seen.
Michael. let me tell you something.
I am...
I'm a proud black artist. Walter.
I will not be shoved to the back of any bus by MTV or anyone.
Believe me. John.
I have tried.
With love. Walter.
Please try harder.
Sally. honey. can you get me Bob Pittman over at MTV right now?
And tell that schmuck to drop everything and take my call right the hell now.
Of course.
Thank you.
So. Michael. are you enjoying New York?
Yeah.
Listen. I can get you tickets to Marcel Marceau on Broadway. front row.
You know what?
Better still. second row.
You don't want to be in the front row for them.
Those French artists. they're not so big on showering. you know what I mean?
It's like Pepe Le Pew. but without so much talking.
You know. I have a burp coming because I just had Coca-Cola like an asshole.
Sally!
Bob!
Thank you for taking my call.
Listen.
I need you to run Billie Jean for me.
I know.
But here's the problem with that.
I don't give a shit.
I don't give two shits.
I don't even give three shits.
So you run Billie Jean for me and you run it all the time.
Okay. Bob.
Let me put it another way.
If you don't play Billie Jean in the next ten minutes. I'm going to pull every CBS artist from your lineup.
Okay?
Bruce Springsteen.
Cheap Trick.
Charlie Daniels.
Billy Joel.
Cyndi Lauper.
Bob Dylan.
You can put them all in a plastic bag. cover the plastic bag in Crisco. and then shove them up your ass.
Yeah. your butthole.
We are no longer in business.
Michael Jackson's Thriller has sold 25 million records.
Michael Jackson is one of the most achieved artists.
He used to be a superstar.
In his single hand-thriller. he wiped out his music business.
Yes. sister. but when he was doing it on the radio. we were witnessing the rise of the artist.
He had a good number.
He was one of the most popular entertainers of all time.
And these days. I mean. he's also a one-man thing.
Natural Empire.
Mr. Sun.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Don't let those people be your fear.
She came and stood right
by me.
I was as good as Mrs. Moon.
She thought it too.
Yeah.
She would just sit there with me.
Oh. oh. oh. oh.
oh. oh. oh. oh. oh. oh.
oh. oh.
we have to.
There he is.
There is. are you kidding me?
That was real.
Michael. you shook the world with that performance.
Oh. my goodness.
I was supposed to stay in my toes longer.
Michael. I'm super proud of you.
Everyone is talking about it.
Oh!
Y'all keep it up there tonight. y'all see that?
Come on. y'all did your thing.
That's my son.
That's my son. a regular money-making machine.
Hey. we'll catch you later. Mike.
Yeah.
Yeah. bye. Mike.
It's OK. mother.
I just could have given him one night. huh?
So now. let me get this straight. Don.
10. 11. or 12. how many words do you have?
That's 13 of the current world champions that I'm promoting.
We got 102 fighters in our stable right now.
But I'm going to tell you this. all right. the big business. that's going to be only the lightweight class.
I'm going to take those young stars all the way to the top.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Life is good. my friend.
Yes. it is.
Those Cubans straight from Castro himself.
Yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
Now. what did you want to talk to me about?
Have you thought about getting into the music business?
I'm sober.
I'm a father here.
Well. I'm about to take my boys on a world tour.
We're going to start with North America. stadiums only.
The biggest. it's time to show the world that the Jacksons are back.
Right on.
Bigger than ever.
You've seen themselves on Thriller.
People are going to be climbing the walls.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Is Michael going to be there?
Of course. Michael's going to be there.
That's good to hear.
Now. what's in it for me?
I've been watching you down.
I watch you like a hawk.
I love the way you promote your fighters.
You're a king of marketing.
You know. I just. I think that you and I. we came together.
We could form a good partnership.
Me and you.
I got you a good deal.
I like deals.
I need this for my boys.
I need it.
You know. I think they deserve the Rolls-Royce sponsorships.
I mean. merchandising. marketing.
You hear me?
I mean. it's got to be huge.
I'm going to be the one that can do it.
It'll be called the Victory Tour.
I may have something for you.
Pepsi.
They want to get back in the game.
Michael can be the face of the brand.
Do some commercials.
All right.
I can see it.
Yeah.
But you wouldn't be bullshitting me. would you. Joe?
Because if you can't get Michael...
No. that's my favorite part.
I'm leaving too. Michael.
You can't go yet.
No. I'm going to bed.
I'm tired.
You got to stay for the ending.
That's the best part.
Mother is tired. baby.
Do me a favor.
Make sure you turn the lights off.
Night. Mother.
Good night.
Why are you here?
Well. I came to visit a son.
Biggest-selling record of all time.
From a poor kid from Gary.
Who would have thought?
Me.
I thought.
Come here.
Joseph. I know you want something.
Michael. I'm going to need you to tour with your brothers.
Now. I'll let you do it all by yourself.
I'm going to need you to do this for me.
For your family.
I'm not a child anymore. Joseph.
And you're not my manager.
Here we go.
I have to start living my own life.
On my own.
Just like everyone else.
You ain't like everyone else.
So you trying to tell me you want to be treated like an adult?
All right.
You want to see what the world is like without a family that protects you.
Without a family that understands you.
Nobody else will understand you outside this place.
There you'll be with all the money in the world.
Surrounded by people who will say yes to everything.
Is that what you want?
Kind of since that meeting.
I'm gonna call Don King and tell him you're doing a door.
I know you don't want to let your family down.
All right. here's what I need.
I'm thinking...
I'm gonna move the camera in while you're up here.
I need to get a close-up of you at the top.
So just feel the camera as you come down.
Okay. okay. all right.
Okay. everybody.
Here we go.
What is this?
What is that. take six?
Lucky six. lucky six. here we go.
Energy. everybody!
You love the Jacksons. you love the Jacksons!
You love Pepsi. let's go!
A-marker!
B-mark.
C-mark.
And playback.
Oh. my God!
Michael!
Are you gonna be okay?
Come on. get up!
Out of my way!
Michael. come here!
Get up. get up. get up!
Get back. get back!
Get back!
Okay. okay.
come on.
Hey. I need to talk to you.
Sir.
I'm his father. Joseph Jackson.
This is Mother Katherine.
Hi. so good to meet you.
Thank you.
Well. your son is in stable condition.
All right.
And we're trying to bring his heart rate down. but he's in a lot of pain.
Okay. when will he recover?
It's too soon to tell.
It's gonna be a long road.
He has third-degree burns and substantial nerve damage.
Oh.
Do you think he'll ever be able to perform again?
Ever?
Joseph.
Mr. Jackson. your son almost died.
I know that.
If that fire had caught his clothes or burned over to his face and eyes. he would be here.
I know. my boy.
And the only thing that's gonna heal him is by getting back on that stage.
That's where he lives.
I understand that. sir.
It's gonna be a while.
Yes. I do.
But Mr. Jackson. he's gonna need your support to get there.
I'm sorry.
It's unlikely that he'll grow back.
You'll need surgery to laser the scar tissue and stretch part of the scalp over the burn.
I will insert an implant to protect the scalp.
Will I have to wear a wig?
I don't know.
Right there on top.
What kind of wig?
Like. the full wig?
Hard to say.
There are prosthetic hair weaves we can try. but we won't know till we see how the surgery goes next week.
And you'll. um...
You'll have to stay on the Demerol for a while.
I don't want to take medication.
I have to be honest. Mr. Jackson.
You're gonna need them.
We have to replace the implant periodically.
The nurse are exposed up there.
You'll be in a lot of pain.
I'll let you rest.
I'll be back later.
You see. the number of people who have already died outside the hospital. if that isn't a testament to the star power of Michael Jackson. I don't know what is.
All right.
All right. Joker.
Got all your favorites.
Golden Temple.
Got some Mexican. Chinese. some fried chicken.
You've got these little red candies you like.
Thanks. Bill.
You just leave it there.
I'm not hungry.
Oh.
Okay.
I'll leave you to it.
Thank you. Bill.
Oh.
I'm sorry. Michael.
I should have protected you.
Mother. I don't want to discuss this right now.
No one can stop Joseph.
Nobody.
You just know that no matter what happens. I'm gonna be here for you.
Always.
I should get some rest now. Mother.
It's not your fault.
How are you feeling?
I'm okay.
You know. I'm still in a lot of pain.
But the doctors say I'm healing.
That's good news.
All these kids here.
Won't fully heal and burns all of their bodies.
It just breaks my heart.
It truly does.
You know. it got me thinking.
I need to do more for them.
How much are we getting for the accident?
Should be around seven figures.
I need every penny donated to the burn center here.
Please. you gotta make that happen.
Yeah. of course.
I'm getting really sleepy.
These pain meds.
Get some rest.
I'll come check on you tomorrow.
Okay.
Did you bring that?
Oh. the mouse.
Yeah.
That's for you.
I love that.
Good.
Thank you. Frank.
I'll see you tomorrow.
See you.
If that boy doesn't go on tour. everything we have falls apart.
I'm talking deals. sponsorships. our reputation.
Everything. everything just gone.
Everything here.
The boys won't be able to tour anymore.
Not without Michael.
Your son just got out of ICU.
Michael never wanted to do the victory tour to begin with.
You planned this entire thing behind his back.
When are you gonna realize he's on his own path?
And sometimes you need to get out of the way.
Otherwise. you're gonna lose him.
What about the other boys?
They'll find their own path.
You know something. Bill?
What's that?
God's been very good to me.
Yeah. he has.
Not just the accident.
I almost died.
But I was given a second chance.
Yeah. yeah.
God gave you a gift. son.
A platform.
To reach the whole world.
I can't ignore that.
I have to shine my light.
Spread love and joy.
To heal.
That's my destiny.
I'm a true believer.
Why don't we focus on getting you healthy first?
Then we can do all those things you need to do.
I'm gonna do the tour.
You sure?
For my family.
But then I'm ready. Bill.
I'm gonna look him straight in the eye.
This is my life.
My path.
Mine.
Let's go out there and tear that stage up.
Yeah.
Give the audience what they deserve.
Best show ever.
I told you not to think.
I love you guys.
You ain't like everybody.
I just think you're better than me. boy.
I really do.
I really do. Mike.
Nobody else will understand you outside this place.
The Jacksons on three.
One. two. three.
Jacksons!
After I give these boys a rest. I'm planning an international tour.
Michael?
Yeah. we're gonna hit all the big arenas and stadiums.
This is just the beginning of the victory tour.
We're gonna hit every continent.
First of all. we're going to Paris. London. Tokyo.
South Africa. you name it. we gonna be there.
It's gonna be the biggest everyone has ever seen.
Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. shh. sh Cheating
on me and making me fall downaporized my upper body And
they tell me it's just a cold but that doesn't mean it's not a burn ♪ Why is it that
way?
They say why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it a bad issue in nature?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it in your nature?
They say why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it a bad issue in nature?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it in your nature?
Being chained down to nature?
♪ ♪ Can't you see?
Every eye's looking at me. bitch ♪ ♪ See that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She likes to play God's plan. they say why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it a bad issue in nature?
Why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it in your nature?
Being chained down to nature?
♪ ♪ Can't you see?
Every eye's looking at me. bitch ♪ ♪ See that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She likes to play God's plan.
they say why. why?
♪ ♪ Can't you see?
Every eye's looking at me. bitch ♪ ♪ See that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She
likes to play
God's plan.
they say why. why?
♪ ♪ Is it in your nature?
Being chained down to nature?
♪ ♪
See that girl?
She's a witch ♪ ♪ She likes to play God's plan. they say why.
why?
♪ ♪ Why. why?
Can't you see?
Every eye's
looking at me. bitch
♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪
♪♪ ♪♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-